This directory contains support for Macintosh Common Lisp.

Since the Mac doesn't have a shell, the file mcl-setup.lisp contains
various Lisp functions to use to rebuild the system.

To rebuild Yale Haskell on the Mac:

  * If you are rebuilding from the Unix tar distribution, copy
    the tar file for the source distribution to your Mac and untar
    it.  Make sure you set the tar option for "convert newlines" and
    set the default file creator to "CCL2" and the default file type to
    "TEXT" before extracting.   

    You can use the tweak-files.lisp script to set the creators of the 
    files more intelligently.

    Also, un-binhex the file haskell.rsrc.hqx in this directory.

  * If you have installed Haskell somewhere other than Macintosh HD:haskell,
    edit the various scripts in this directory to reflect the place where 
    you unpacked the files on your machine.  

  * We recommend that you tweak the memory partition size for your copy
    of MCL to at least 20MB.  You may need to enable virtual memory and
    32-bit addressing on the memory control panel to get this to work.

  * mcl-setup.lisp contains some shared support and is loaded automatically
    by the scripts that need it.  The other scripts do what they say they 
    do; just load them into a fresh MCL.  The easiest way to run them is
    just to double-click on the script and then do "Eval Buffer" from
    the menu.  To build from scratch, you need to first do the 
    "build-prelude" script, and then (in a fresh Lisp) the "savesys"
    script.

  * By default, savesys.lisp creates an executable without the file
    compiler loaded.  (This is to comply with the MCL licensing agreements
    for standalone executables.)  If you have your own copy of MCL and
    are rebuilding Yale Haskell from the source distribution for your
    own use, this restriction doesn't apply to you, and you should
    comment out the relevant line at the end of the file that disables
    the compiler.

  * After you have built the executable, use the resource editor to copy
    the resources from haskell.rsrc into it.  You may need to rebuild
    your desktop after this to make it pick up the new icons; hold down
    command-option while restarting your machine.

  * You should also move the executable from haskell/bin/new-mac-haskell
    to just haskell/mac-haskell.  You might want to change the memory
    partition size that it runs in, too.


Read the notes in the manual about filenames and environment variables!!
